feat(curriculum): add block 2 dialogs and tasks of the B1 course of the English Curriculum (#57471)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-past-experiences/671f75fea017ea05b31a80c6.md

---
id: 671f75fea017ea05b31a80c6
title: Task 91
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-91
---

<!-- (Audio) Maria: Yeah, me too. I checked out the latest in Python development. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Yeah, me too. I BLANK out the BLANK in Python development.`

## --blanks--

`checked`

### --feedback--

This is the past tense of the verb `check`, meaning to examine or explore something.

---

`latest`

### --feedback--

This word refers to the most recent or up-to-date version of something.

# --explanation--

> The phrase `check out` means to examine, explore, or take a look at something. It is often used informally when discussing things of interest. Example: `I checked out the new library in town.` (this means you went to the new library to see if you liked it) 
> 
> The word `latest` refers to the most recent or up-to-date version of something. Example: `They announced the latest features in the software update.` (this means the most recent features of the software were announced by the team or company)
> 
> In her sentence, Maria says she attended events where the most recent developments in Python were discussed during her time at PyCon.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Check out` means to examine, explore, or take a look at something. It is often used informally when discussing things of interest. For example: 

`I checked out the new library in town.` - This means you went to the new library to see if you liked it. 

`Latest` refers to the most recent or up-to-date version of something. For example: 

`They announced the latest features in the software update.` - This means the most recent features of the software were announced by the team or company.

In her sentence, Maria says she attended events where the most recent developments in Python were discussed during her time at PyCon.

```
